>> The search for
extraterrestrials in space
continues.
Now, a new theory.
Could rogue planets
be used as spacecraft
by alien hitchhikers?
This is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Free-floating rogue planets
are interstellar objects
with planetary mass that are
not gravitationally bound
to a star.
Scientists predict there could
be billions of free floating
rogue planets in space.
With this in mind,
Irina Romanovskaya,
a professor of physics and
astronomy at Houston Community
College just published a
new study proposing aliens
could hitch a ride on
these rogue planets.
Writing in her paper,
quote, "I propose
that extraterrestrial
civilizations may also
use free-floating planets as
interstellar transportation
to reach, explore, and colonize
other planetary systems.
I discuss how extraterrestrial
civilizations may travel
from their home worlds
to free-floating planets
and how they may transfer
their free-floating planets
to other planetary systems."
And as Romanovskaya wrote in
an email to vice.com, quote,
"Some advanced extraterrestrial
civilizations, if they exist,
might hitch a ride on
free-floating planets, which
is why I call such hypothetical
civilizations Cosmic
Hitchhikers."
Some researchers
have claimed the moon
could be a rogue planet.
This new theory may give
credence to that idea.
So is this suggestion
so far-fetched
or could it be possible?
Nick Pope worked for the
UK's ministry of defense
covering UFOs.
>> This might use rogue
planets as a means to travel,
they might hitch
a ride, why not?
I mean, I think one
can't help but think back
to the whole mystery
of 'Oumuamua which
Professor Avi Loeb at
Harvard thinks is artificial.
Does that tie in with the thing
being postulated in this paper?
Some sort of a
planet but if it's
being used by
extraterrestrials would they
add on something
to it, would they
slap a propulsion
system on it or just
drift through the cosmos
on an interstellar object?
Fascinating speculation
and food for thought.
Romanovskaya also gave
advice on how to find them.
She argues, a technologically
advanced civilization
would leave technosignatures
such as infrared
and electromagnetic radiation or
low frequency radio emissions.
And an alien civilization who
colonized one planetary system
would use some of the same
tactics to colonize more.
And therefore, quote,
"Wide orbit exoplanets
should be searched
for extraterrestrial
technosignatures or artifacts."
So far, this paper
has been received
as an interesting theory.
Time will tell if the powers
that be will take her advice
and look at rogue planets for
extraterrestrial hitchhikers.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]